So here is the check hotel class.
This class is defined inside the package travel.
We have imported the necessary packages like Java X dot Spring Java .8.8. event and Java Diet file.
When we are public.
Last check hotels which is extending j frame and implementing renewable.
There are the j labels.
There are 19 labels and one caption sorry label and one thread as well.
Then they will be able to find the public void to run method.
Let me.
There is the constructor non parameterized constructor inside which we have set the bound for that frame
and color.
Now we have defined the thread or the current instance of the class and define the label bound for that
label for one color and font for that label, adding that label to our frame.
Then we have defined the image.
Added that image to the label, setting the bound for that label, adding that label to the frame.
Setting the layout of the frame as null.
Another image of the hotel to image.
And.
Hiding that image to the label, setting bound for it, adding the label and setting the visibility
of the label as false.
Then we have similarly added another image in the label setting bound for the label, adding that label
to our frame and setting the visibility as false.
Similarly, we have another image added to the label bound for it and setting the label to our frame.
Then we have set the visibility as false.
Then there is another image icon which we have added in our label and setting the bound for it, adding
that label to our frame.
Then we have set the visibility as false.
Then, uh.
There are another label, another image of the label.
So this class is basically let us show the images of the image, images of the hotels one by one.
After a particular period of time, it will look like us.
Slideshow So that's why we are having so much labels with the image.
So there are these images.
And here is the another image.
19 and ten, the image have been added.
Then we have here to start.
Now, let me show you this run method.
Public void run method.
They are defined.
So inside the try to dot set visible through and it will be setting visible to caption will be set to
J Marriott Hotel.
And I read that caption to the label.
Then thread dot sleep 28,000.
This will be for that time period for 2.8 seconds.
This will sleep and then will set the visibility of that false.
Similarly, we done for the L three.
After the L three we will be showing l four.
After L four we will be showing l five after l five and six.
Similarly, l six, seven, eight, nine, ten, 11.
All these labels will display and height with the given interval of time.
And let me show you basically the output of this.
But this is how the output will look like.
It will change every 2.8 seconds.
This is the output.
Keep changing, the thread will stop.
So the class have been run and all the hotels are being shown.
So this is how this class is working.
I have shown you the output part because that will let you understand more clearly.
What's the idea behind adding those images in these labels?
So many labels and so many images.
This is because we want to show a label at a time and that's why we have used thread as well.
So Thread will help us to manage multiple process at a time.
So this is how this check class is working.
This will be used to show the information of the hotels from our project page, which will be visible
after the successful login.
Now let's have a look at the booked hotels file, which is defined inside the package travel.
We have imported the necessary packages, Java, JWT, layout, everything, and after that we have
defined the class.
Which is extending the frame.
Then we have initialize the Shape panel, which is a private instance and a choice.
So even inside the main function, we have invoked the event.
Invoke later newer enabled inside which we have defined the public void.
Run and inside the public void run we have defined the view total object and set the visibility of it's
true.
After that, we have defined the parameterized constructor of this class build book.
Total is string username and after that there is a set of bound for it, adding a new panel setting
panel to our frame, adding layout for the panel.
Then there is an image icon creating the image icon, adding the image icon to our label, setting the
bound for the label, adding that label to our frame.
After that, there is a label labeled as the Book Hotel.
It is setting font for it, bound for it, adding that door frame.
Then there is a label username setting bound for it, adding that to our frame.
Then there is a backend label which will fetch details from the hotel and there is a label name and
respect to.
We have a.
We have a label.
Back end table here.
And then we have a level number of persons for which we have a back end label.
The back end label will store the information from the database a number of days, similarly for which
you have the end label.
Similarly, we have a gender back end label for the we have a label as a common ESI for which we will
be having a second label which will store data from the database.
Then there is a label for included, yes or no.
For that we have accountable as well.
Then there is ID.
Similarly for the respect we have.
And then after that, we have a level number four that we will also have a back end label.
After that, there is a label deposit phone number and there for that we have also that can label which
will store the information from the database.
Then there is the label cost and added that label to our frame.
And then with respect to that, we have label G frame.
We have a label L ten, which will be added to the panel.
Then we have initialize the connection with the database.
After that, inside the block we have initialized the results at zero to execute query select as strict
from book hotel.
We are username is equal to username so that query will be executed and the data will be fetched from
the book hotel table where the username will match.
And while iterating over those records, these statements will add data inside the labels which we have
left vacant.
So these texts have been printed on those labels.
Now we have closed the connection, close the result statement and cast the exception, if any occurs.
After that, there is a pattern back which will help us to move back from this window.
Those void action performed inside which we have set the visibility as false.
Set the visibility as false.
No button, not exit.
We have set the bounds.
For that exit button, background color, foreground color, adding that button, exit button to the
panel.
Then there is a button.
We have set the background color of the complete window as white.
So this is all about the World Book Hotel file.
So now let me show you the output of to check what sort of file.
This will be the output of the Czech Hotel, which will show you all the all the hotels list of the
hotels.
So let this finish.
Then we will have a look on the give the book hotel or Java file output.
So this is completed.
Now let's have a look on the total.
I'll put up this file.
So this is how it is showing.
The details have not been showing because we have not added any username or details in our database
yet.
We will be doing that when we have a look in our live video, which will be the very last video of this
project.